[Clang] update reasoned delete diagnostic kind to use Extension, making it pedantic only (#114713)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Clang now diagnoses ``[[deprecated]]`` attribute usage on local variables (#GH90073).

> - Clang now diagnoses misused reasoned ``delete("reason")`` warnings only in pedantic mode. (#GH109311).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clang now diagnoses ``= delete("reason")`` extension warnings only in pedantic mode rather than on by default. (#GH109311).
```

Author: @AaronBallman The CI checks have passed, if no further reviews are required, could you please merge it? thanks

Reviewer: At this point, I'd prefer if you'd obtain commit privileges and land the changes yourself -- you have a number of patches under your belt, and it's better for folks to land their own changes in case of needing reverts, etc.

If there's a reason you don't want/can't get commit rights, feel free to let me know privately or otherwise, and I can certainly land the changes for you.

Author: @AaronBallman Got it, thanks.
